profile/README.md, before:

[Serenity/JS Website](https://serenity-js.org/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [Tutorial](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/web-testing/your-first-web-scenario/)
• [Handbook](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [Community](https://serenity-js.org/community/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [API Docs](https://serenity-js.org/api/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [Code](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/)
• [Issues](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/issues)
• [Q'n'A](https://github.com/orgs/serenity-js/discussions/categories/how-to)
• [Community Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)
• [Releases](https://serenity-js.org/releases/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [News](https://serenity-js.org/blog/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)

<h1>
  <picture>
    <source srcset="https://serenity-js.org/images/serenity-js-logo-for-dark-backgrounds.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
    <img src="https://serenity-js.org/images/serenity-js-logo-for-light-backgrounds.svg" alt="Serenity/JS" width="384" />
  </picture>
</h1>

[![NPM Version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40serenity-js%2Fcore.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40serenity-js%2Fcore)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@serenity-js/core.svg)](https://npm-stat.com/charts.html?package=@serenity-js/core)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/serenity-js/serenity-js.svg)](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/graphs/contributors)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/serenity-js/serenity-js/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/serenity-js/serenity-js)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/serenity-js/serenity-js/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/serenity-js/serenity-js?branch=main)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/serenity-js/serenity-js)](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js)

[**Serenity/JS**](https://serenity-js.org/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) is an innovative **test automation framework** designed to help you create
**high-quality, business-focused test scenarios** that interact with **any interface of your system**
and produce **comprehensive test reports** that **build trust** between delivery teams and the business.

## 💡 Key Features

- [**Comprehensive test reporting**](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/reporting?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - Supports popular test runners, including
  [Playwright Test](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/playwright-test/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [WebdriverIO](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/webdriverio/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [Cucumber.js](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/cucumber/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [Mocha](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/mocha/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [Jasmine](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/jasmine/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  and [Protractor](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/protractor/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github).
  Serenity/JS helps you to progressively enhance your test automation code base to produce **in-depth**, **illustrated test execution reports** and [**living documentation**](https://serenity-bdd.github.io/docs/reporting/living_documentation).
- [**Advanced test design**](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/design/) - Use the Serenity/JS [Screenplay Pattern](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/design/screenplay-pattern/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) 
  to create multi-actor test scenarios and high-quality, reusable test code that models your **business workflows**.
- [**Flexible integration**](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/integration/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - Serenity/JS supports web, mobile and HTTP/REST interfaces thanks to its [modular architecture](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/about/architecture/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github). You can also [write custom "abilities"](https://serenity-js.org/api/core/class/Ability/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) to extend the framework and integrate it with anything a Node.js program can talk to.

## 👨‍🏫 Learn Serenity/JS

Serenity/JS offers plenty of resources to help you get started with the framework:

- **[15-minute tutorial  🚀️](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/web-testing/your-first-web-scenario/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)** - learn the basics of web testing with Serenity/JS and Playwright Test right here in your browser, no local installation required
- [Serenity/JS Handbook](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - comprehensive introduction to Serenity/JS
- [Serenity/JS Project Templates](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/project-templates/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - boilerplate Serenity/JS projects and a starting point for your own automation framework
- [API documentation](https://serenity-js.org/api/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - API documentation and usage examples for all the Serenity/JS modules
- [Serenity/JS Examples](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/tree/main/examples) - reference implementations that demonstrate using Serenity/JS in different contexts
- [Serenity/JS Playbooks](https://github.com/serenity-js/playbooks) - advanced tutorials and integration patterns available to [Serenity/JS GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/serenity-js)

## 🤝 Join the Community

Have a question? Got stuck? Serenity/JS Community is here to help!

- **[Blog & Announcements](https://serenity-js.org/blog/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)**: Stay up-to-date with new features and events.
- **[Community Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)**: Connect with fellow Serenity/JS developers and maintainers.
- **[Issue Tracker](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/issues)**: Report bugs and suggest features.
- **[Q'n'A on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/serenity-js/discussions/categories/how-to)**: Ask and answer questions about Serenity/JS.

## 📣 Stay up to date

- **[Follow Serenity/JS on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/serenity-js)**
- **[Subscribe on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@serenity-js)**
- **[Join the Community Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)**

Please also star ⭐️ [Serenity/JS on GitHub](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js) to help others discover the framework!

[![Follow Serenity/JS on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-Serenity%2FJS%20-0077B5?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/serenity-js)
[![Watch Serenity/JS on YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/Watch-@serenity--js-E62117?logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/@serenity-js)
[![Join Serenity/JS Community Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-Serenity%2FJS%20Community-FBD30B?logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/serenity-js/serenity-js?label=Serenity%2FJS&logo=github&style=badge)](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js)

## 💛 Support Serenity/JS

If you value Serenity/JS, support our work and [become a GitHub Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/serenity-js) today!

As a sponsor, you will:
- Gain access to exclusive **[Serenity/JS Playbooks](https://github.com/serenity-js/playbooks)**
- Get priority support for your questions on the [GitHub Q'n'A](https://github.com/orgs/serenity-js/discussions/categories/how-to)
- Influence the roadmap of the project

[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20@serenity%2FJS-703EC8?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sponsors/serenity-js)

Commit message:

Added link to Playwright guide
Corrected punctuation and formatting in the README.

profile/README.md, after:

[Serenity/JS Website](https://serenity-js.org/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [Tutorial](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/web-testing/your-first-web-scenario/)
• [Handbook](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [Community](https://serenity-js.org/community/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [API Docs](https://serenity-js.org/api/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [Code](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/)
• [Issues](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/issues)
• [Q'n'A](https://github.com/orgs/serenity-js/discussions/categories/how-to)
• [Community Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)
• [Releases](https://serenity-js.org/releases/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)
• [News](https://serenity-js.org/blog/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)

<h1>
  <picture>
    <source srcset="https://serenity-js.org/images/serenity-js-logo-for-dark-backgrounds.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
    <img src="https://serenity-js.org/images/serenity-js-logo-for-light-backgrounds.svg" alt="Serenity/JS" width="384" />
  </picture>
</h1>

[![NPM Version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40serenity-js%2Fcore.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40serenity-js%2Fcore)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@serenity-js/core.svg)](https://npm-stat.com/charts.html?package=@serenity-js/core)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/serenity-js/serenity-js.svg)](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/graphs/contributors)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/serenity-js/serenity-js/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/serenity-js/serenity-js)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/serenity-js/serenity-js/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/serenity-js/serenity-js?branch=main)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/serenity-js/serenity-js)](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js)

[**Serenity/JS**](https://serenity-js.org/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) is an innovative **test automation framework** designed to help you create
**high-quality, business-focused test scenarios** that interact with **any interface of your system**
and produce **comprehensive test reports** that **build trust** between delivery teams and the business.

## 💡 Key Features

- [**Comprehensive test reporting**](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/reporting?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - Supports popular test runners, including
  [Playwright Test](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/playwright-test/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [WebdriverIO](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/webdriverio/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [Cucumber.js](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/cucumber/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [Mocha](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/mocha/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  [Jasmine](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/jasmine/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github),
  and [Protractor](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/protractor/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github).
  Serenity/JS helps you to progressively enhance your test automation code base to produce **in-depth**, **illustrated test execution reports** and [**living documentation**](https://serenity-bdd.github.io/docs/reporting/living_documentation).
- [**Advanced test design**](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/design/) - Use the Serenity/JS [Screenplay Pattern](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/design/screenplay-pattern/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) 
  to create multi-actor test scenarios and high-quality, reusable test code that models your **business workflows**.
- [**Flexible integration**](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/integration/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - Serenity/JS supports web, mobile, and HTTP/REST interfaces thanks to its [modular architecture](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/about/architecture/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github). You can also [write custom "abilities"](https://serenity-js.org/api/core/class/Ability/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) to extend the framework and integrate it with anything a Node.js program can talk to.

## 👨‍🏫 Learn Serenity/JS

Serenity/JS offers plenty of resources to help you get started with the framework:

- **[15-minute tutorial  🚀️](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/web-testing/your-first-web-scenario/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)** - learn the basics of web testing with Serenity/JS and Playwright Test right here in your browser, no local installation required
- [Serenity/JS Handbook](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - comprehensive introduction to Serenity/JS
- [Serenity/JS with Playwright Test](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/test-runners/playwright-test/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - deep dive into using Serenity/JS with Playwright Test
- [Serenity/JS Project Templates](https://serenity-js.org/handbook/project-templates/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - boilerplate Serenity/JS projects and a starting point for your own automation framework
- [API documentation](https://serenity-js.org/api/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github) - API documentation and usage examples for all the Serenity/JS modules
- [Serenity/JS Examples](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/tree/main/examples) - reference implementations that demonstrate using Serenity/JS in different contexts
- [Serenity/JS Playbooks](https://github.com/serenity-js/playbooks) - advanced tutorials and integration patterns available to [Serenity/JS GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/serenity-js)

## 🤝 Join the Community

Have a question? Got stuck? Serenity/JS Community is here to help!

- **[Blog & Announcements](https://serenity-js.org/blog/?pk_campaign=readme&pk_source=github)**: Stay up-to-date with new features and events.
- **[Community Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)**: Connect with fellow Serenity/JS developers and maintainers.
- **[Issue Tracker](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js/issues)**: Report bugs and suggest features.
- **[Q'n'A on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/serenity-js/discussions/categories/how-to)**: Ask and answer questions about Serenity/JS.

## 📣 Stay up to date

- **[Follow Serenity/JS on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/serenity-js)**
- **[Subscribe on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@serenity-js)**
- **[Join the Community Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)**

Please also star ⭐️ [Serenity/JS on GitHub](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js) to help others discover the framework!

[![Follow Serenity/JS on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-Serenity%2FJS%20-0077B5?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/serenity-js)
[![Watch Serenity/JS on YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/Watch-@serenity--js-E62117?logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/@serenity-js)
[![Join Serenity/JS Community Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-Serenity%2FJS%20Community-FBD30B?logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#serenity-js:gitter.im)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/serenity-js/serenity-js?label=Serenity%2FJS&logo=github&style=badge)](https://github.com/serenity-js/serenity-js)

## 💛 Support Serenity/JS

If you value Serenity/JS, support our work and [become a GitHub Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/serenity-js) today!

As a sponsor, you will:
- Gain access to exclusive **[Serenity/JS Playbooks](https://github.com/serenity-js/playbooks)**
- Get priority support for your questions on the [GitHub Q'n'A](https://github.com/orgs/serenity-js/discussions/categories/how-to)
- Influence the roadmap of the project

[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20@serenity%2FJS-703EC8?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sponsors/serenity-js)
